Weave Cypress Cloud, UI Coverage, and Cypress Accessibility more closely into the narrative of the docs (#5947)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/guides/overview/why-cypress.mdx

- **Integrations:** Integrate with [GitHub](/guides/cloud/integrations/source-control/github), [GitLab](/guides/cloud/integrations/source-control/gitlab), or [Bitbucket](/guides/cloud/integrations/source-control/bitbucket) to see test results directly on every push or pull request. Cypress Cloud also integrates with
  [Slack](/guides/cloud/integrations/slack), [Jira](/guides/cloud/integrations/jira), and [Microsoft Teams](/guides/cloud/integrations/teams) to keep your team in the loop.
- **Test Analytics:** Track test results over time with [Test Analytics](/guides/cloud/analytics/overview) to identify trends, regressions, and improvements in your test suite. Use our [Data Extract API](/guides/cloud/integrations/data-extract-api) to extract the data that is important to your team.

#### Add ons

- **Cypress Accessibility:** Ensure your application is accessible to all users
  with Cypress Accessibility.
- **Cypress UI Coverage:** Ensure you have tested every part of your application
  with Cypress UI Coverage.

## Solutions

> Cypress can be used to ensure several different testing doverage. This can provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cypress can be used to ensure several different types of test. This can provide
```

### Other

Finally, through a large number of [official and 3rd party plugins](/plugins)
you can write other types of tests.

## Get Started

### <Icon name="cog" /> Set up tests

There are no servers, drivers, or any other dependencies to install or
configure. You can quickly see your first passing test within minutes for
[End-to-end tests](/guides/end-to-end-testing/writing-your-first-end-to-end-test) or
[Component tests](/guides/component-testing/getting-started).

### <Icon name="code" /> Write tests

Tests written in Cypress are meant to be easy to read and understand. Our [API](/api/table-of-contents)
comes fully baked, on top of tools you are familiar with already.

<DocsVideo src="/img/snippets/writing-tests.mp4" title="Writing Tests" />

### <Icon name="play-circle" /> Run tests

Cypress runs as fast as your browser can render content. You can watch tests run

> in real time as you develop your applications and time travel to previous steps. TDD FTW!

Reviewer: "TDD FTW!"

You may want to spell this out (or leave it out), as the TLA "FTW" has multiple interpretations.

Author: Yah, I thought this wording was a bit....out of place also...

<DocsVideo src="/img/snippets/running-tests.mp4" title="Running Tests" />

### <Icon name="bug" /> Debug tests

Readable error messages help you to debug quickly. You also have access to all
the developer tools you know and love.

<DocsVideo src="/img/snippets/debugging.mp4" title="Debugging Tests" />

### <Icon name="bug" /> Integrate with CI

Cypress can be easily integrated into your CI provider. We have guides for all
the popular CI providers. You can also use [Cypress GitHub Action](/guides/cloud/integrations/source-control/github) to run your tests.

<DocsVideo src="https://youtube.com/embed/USX6AntcPyg" />

### <Icon name="bug" /> Optimize your Test Suite

Cypress can run tests in parallel, and you can group test runs by browser or
device. You can also run tests in a headless mode to speed up your test suite.

<DocsImage
  src="/img/guides/parallelization/parallelization-diagram.png"
  alt="Parallelization Diagram"
/>

### <Icon name="bug" /> Replay Tests

> With [Cypress Cloud](/guides/cloud/introduction), you can record your tests and replay them exactly as they
> executed during the run and debug using [Test Replay](/guides/cloud/test-replay).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [Cypress Cloud](/guides/cloud/introduction), you can record your tests, replay them exactly as they
executed during the run, and then debug using [Test Replay](/guides/cloud/test-replay).
```
